So we're gonna go through the exercise
where we add structured data to
the app we've built in
our Open Graph folder, so
that we can start to get search engine,
like results showing up in a richer way.
So, what I've done in advance
is open up the structured
data documentation for
both breadcrumbs and courses.
And you may note that if you look in
data types here, there are only a couple
types of things that Google
provides first class,
structured data support for.
They used to have a nice little list here
which apparently they've gotten rid of.
The search gallery, that's where it is.
So you see we've got recipes, events,
products, reviews and courses.
Those are the same ones I believe I showed
an example of each in the tiles before.
But having looked through
that whole schema.org list,
they only support five of these things.
Hopefully, more coming in the future,
but we can make use of these today.
So I'm going to just copy the markup for
the schema.org example.
And I'm gonna place it directly in
my body of the course.hbs file.
Again, still working in
the Open Graph exercise here.
Building on everything we
have been working on so far.
And what we ended up with is
this list of elements here.
Now we have got four items deep.
I only want two, so
am gonna get rid of these two here.
And let us just go down line by line and
explain what all this means.
So first we've got this context property,
this add context property and
its value is the schema.org URL.
Don't change this.
This is basically telling you, or it's
telling anything that parses this that you
are attempting to conform to something
in the schema.org library of entities.
It's almost like a, you can adhere
to particular XML namespaces and
provide a URL for that.
Same idea here.
BreadcrumbList is the type of
object we're working with here.
So it is the top level entity.
And then we've got item list element,
that is an array,
each of which represent a segment of our
Breadcrumb going from left to right.
So the first thing we're gonna do
here is update this to Courses and
we can change this ID, which is
the URL that breadcrumb conforms to,
to the base URL of my herokuapp.
So I'll just put that in place here.
And the image attribute is I believe,
optional.
So I'm gonna just go ahead and
remove that we might get a warning, but
I don't think it will block us entirely.
And then here, what I'm gonna wanna
do is use the base URL of our app.
Actually, I'm just gonna build on
the work that we've already done for
the canonical URLs that we have
already built using this slug.
So we're gonna use the exact same
thing for the schema.org stuff.
So going down here to this id of
the second item in our Breadcrumb,
just like apparently I didn't grab it.
Copy, I think it's trying to
direct me to the URL when I click.
Yeah, we'll just do it again.
All right,
also keep in mind that we still wanna be
putting everything inside quotes here.
So when handlebars is processing
these files, it's gonna go find and
replace things that are inside
those pairs of braces.
And if there are no quotes around it,
there will be no quotes around
the value that is put in its place.
So in particular here,
what we wanna do the course title,
we're gonna wanna make sure that
it's all contained within a string.
And this should do it.
I'm actually gonna push this up.
I'm just gonna copy the snippet here, and
we're gonna use the Open Graph tester
in like snippet form.
And I'll just build on top of
the thing that I pasted from,
which should be somewhere around here.
There we go.
Paste it in here, or we can keep
the script tag that was there for us.
And let's see what the parser
interprets this as.
So I got no errors, no warnings,
this looks good, right?
So we can consider this piece done.
Now let's go ahead and
move on to the course data.
So I can collapse this,
get it out of the way.
And of course data should be I'll
just go back to my slides here.
There it is.
So we're just gonna grab their example.
Paste it into our code,
make similar modifications.
All right, so
we leave schema.org in place.
We leave type as course in place.
Here's the name of the course, so
we're gonna put the title here.
And the description.
And then we have a provider here and
I'm just gonna put Frontend Masters.
And we'll link that to
frontendmasters.com.
So grab that URL.
Paste it there.
Let's see how this looks.
So basically what I'm doing is I'm
letting our app get rendered locally.
And I can view source and
grab that little chunk here.
We're gonna go back to our tester,
see what this looks like.
Paste, show me.
Looks good.
Let's preview it.
Looks great.
So you see here frontend masters showed up
underneath that's the organization, right?
And there's a description and
there's the title.
So this, this looks fine to me.
Let's commit it.
And Push it to a Roku.
And GitHub.
Oops I tried to do too much here,
in one command.
All right, so while that's deploying
anyone have any questions about structured
data before we move on?
So this should be like,
this should be a compulsory thing,
especially if Google supports something
that is related to your entity.
If you have recipes,
like get that marinated in there.
Because it'll just make your
search result much more rich, and
that makes people much more
likely to engage with them.
So I just wanna prove that this
works in our deployed app.
So if we go back here.
Go to Modern SEO, click it, test the URL.
Let's see what this looks like.
There's our course preview.
And there it is.